- Writing a cover letter
    Apply for 
    I am applying for the director of sales position posted on your company website.
    I believe my education snd extensive experience make me a strong candidate.
    Education and experience
    I have a degree of computer and science technology from Wenzheng College of Soocow University and five years of experience in developing.
    I worked for three years for TC. Afterward, I worked at Jingjie for two years. I am currently working at PWC.
    Refer to resume,thank and close the letter.
    Details about my education and experience are in the attached resume.Thank you for considering me for this position. I look forward to hearing from you.

- What are some topics of small talk you can expect at the beginning of an interview?
weather
traffic
travel/journey
sightseeing
family

- You are interviewing for Senior Project Manager at Bonface Industries. Politely greet your interviewer  and make small talk until the interview begins.
    How did you trval for the interview, they may ask about your journey where you are staying?
- which answers are better? Why?
Greet your interviewer.
    Good morning, Mr. Smith. It's pleasure to meet you.
Thank your interviewer for their time.
    Thank you for this opportunity to interview for the production manager role.
Say how your journey to the office was.
    OK, thanks for asking. The place is a little difficult to find,but the directions your assistant gave me really helped.
Respond to a social invitation
    I'd love to ,thank you very much.

You're in a job interview. What questions might you expect?
Answer the interview's questions about your strengths and weeknesses.
describe a weekness and giving extra information as to how you improved:
I've had problems with public speaking, but my manager is coaching me, so I've improved quite a bit.
My technical knowledge was a bit weak, so I started taking computer classes at night.
My team told me that I needed to be a better listener.They're helping me work on that, and I've improved a lot.

Describing a strength and giving extra information to suppot it:
I'm very proactive. I try to fix problems before they become serious.
I'm enthusiastic about my work. I love being in sales.
My greatest strength is curiosity.I love to learn new things.
Persistence is my greatest strength. I don't give up until succeed.
I'm a really good communicator. I'm especially good at listening.

when will I know the result of the interview?

